Updating docs to have more vector store instantiation examples (#115)
langchain-ai/langchain-datastax: libs/astradb/README.md

)
```

#### With Vectorize (server-side embeddings)
You can use [vectorize](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/databases/embedding-generation.html) to generate embeddings on the server-side.

If you have an existing collection w/ Vectorize already enabled, connect like so

```python
from langchain_astradb import AstraDBVectorStore

my_store = AstraDBVectorStore(
  collection_name="my_store",
  api_endpoint="https://...",
  token="AstraCS:...",
  autodetect_collection=True,
)
```

If you want to create a collection with vectorize enabled, you can do so as well. 

```python
from astrapy.info import CollectionVectorServiceOptions
from langchain_astradb import AstraDBVectorStore

openai_vectorize_options = CollectionVectorServiceOptions(
    provider="openai",
    model_name="text-embedding-3-small",
    authentication={
        "providerKey": "OPENAI_API_KEY",
    },
)

vector_store_integrated = AstraDBVectorStore(
    collection_name="astra_vector_langchain_integrated",
    api_endpoint=ASTRA_DB_API_ENDPOINT,
    token=ASTRA_DB_APPLICATION_TOKEN,
    namespace=ASTRA_DB_NAMESPACE,
    collection_vector_service_options=openai_vectorize_options,
)
```

> Keep in mind that the `providerKey` here is not the actual value of your API key, but the [name you give your API key](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/administration/customer-keys-overview.html) when setting up your vectorize integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that the `providerKey` here is not the actual value of your API key, but the [name you give your API key, i.e. the unique `API_KEY_NAME`](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/integrations/embedding-providers/openai.html#add-the-openai-integration-to-collections-and-tables) when setting up your vectorize integration.
```
